All right welcome back my students so it's tough for us to star edit in our users right.
We need a way for us to click on the user and go to another page where we edit the user.
That's going to be pretty cool.
All right.
Now I know you guys want pictures so I got pictures for you in this lecture you can download a folder
with a bunch of little pictures that I got prepare for this course of course.
We got some of the pictures or the pictures that we have from all the projects in here but we also have
some very attractive people for the ladies here.
We as all men are I.
And we have some women for the men.
There you go.
As you can see I don't discriminate.
Blondin.
All right.
So cool stuff.
All right I'm going include my self in this for the here just in case you want to see your instructor
.
All right guys.
All right so another we got some laughs and we are doing this let's get down to business.
Right.
All right.
So we're going to copy the create form and we're going to go to the edit and paste it in there and then
we're going to modify this a little bit right.
We're going to edit the user.
And here we are going to convert this into a form.
We're going to do form model binding.
Remember what that is.
We do this.
We pass the user.
OK.
And we're going to do that now in the edit it controller.
All right.
As a matter of fact let's go there and do it now so that what you don't get confused.
All right let's go to the admin uses controller.
Let's go to the edit right here.
OK.
So now what we're going to do here is going to find the user.
So we're going to see user find or fail right here with it.
With that Id come in from from here and we're going to pass it into the I mean users.
I don't know why I keep having that there.
I mean users that end it and pass it in like this.
OK.
Good stuff.
All right.
Another thing that we need before we get going into more is that we need to go to the end of the user
and we need to put a link somewhere.
I think it would be good to put a link on the name of the user or the photo but the name is fine as
to the name first.
All
right so here when I say route I want you to take whoever clicks here to admin that users that add it
and also take their I.D. with it with it.
So I pass as a second parameter.
All right.
So let's go back to edit users at it and make sure that this is a patch
patch and this is going to update.
Let's look at it real quick.
All right.
I think it's going to give us an error maybe not just don't check it yeah it's going to get an error
saying that he's missing that you or I or I I mean you're missing a parameter there somewhere.
All right let's go back.
I think we made a little booboo here somewhere.
So
I mean users user ID.
That's weird
missing required parameter for roud admin users update.
OK I gotcha.
That's not here.
That's And it's in the form.
Right here we're missing this parameter so I thought I was going to be able to do it so I can show you
what the model binding for modern binding is.
But you guys already know that so let's just finish it up right here.
Choose me.
All right.
So let's close this up a little bit
actually.
Yeah that's fine.
And here we're going to pass in the User ID.
OK
enter and supporter.
Oh I see.
OK.
Let's make sure we get that there.
And for all we are not passing in roles here.
So we still need to do a little work on these guys.
All right so let's go back to our users here and we need to passing roles.
So we need to do the same thing we did in your create method.
We need to do it here.
All right so we see a role in this and we're going to pass in the name of the role and the I.D. and
all.
OK.
Make sure that we pass it in here as well rolls or right now if we go back to where we go.
It works now and we have all the rules here as you can see.
All right.
And this user obviously is an administrator if I click on Peter.
Peter is and I mean sure we got to fix that in a minute.
All right.
But this is working now.
Let's go back to users.
We're passing this here.
OK.
Oh let's convert this into a model.
Passing the user here.
And that's it.
Let's see if now we get the users information.
Now as you can see now we're getting all of the users information.
All right.
So now we know that these guys this person Maria is a subscriber right now active.
Let's look at it Peter.
Peter is now active we've got to pass that into.
It will be nice to pass out from the data.
He's a swell guy.
I think we're going to have to do that here for the added user.
OK.
But as you can see we're getting all the information and we're actually having a lot of fun here guys
.
And now that we've got to do is set up an image section here so that where we can bring down the image
from the use and we're going to do this in the left side here we bring down the image from the user
and we king real blow a differing image to it to that field the right to the database as well.
So anyway we're going to do that in the next lecture.
Take care and have fun.
Bye bye